Welcome back.
It's time to create our own graph and I've created the template here for you.
You can also create your own if you want but I've only included things that lets you focus on the critical
part.
We have a graph class and a few methods that we're going to have to add.
Now we're going to recreate a graph right here a on directed unweighted graph like this using adjacency
list and for the adjacency list we're going to use a hash table.
So how are we going to go about doing this.
Well I have a few things that I've set up for you.
One is that in the constructor we have simply number of notes that we'll have to increment just to keep
track of how many notes or vertexes or Virts sees we have in our graph.
And also I've created the adjacent list for you which is an object.
And as you do this exercise you're going to realize why we want to use let's say an object versus an
array because if we start removing things from the graph or placing things in the graph that's out of
order it's going to cost us a lot.
Remember arrays on shifting and shifting is expensive with objects we can quickly find items and see
their connections so that ideally in this case where we have three or let's look at 0 in this case will
have zero is going to be connected to an array of its connections which will be 1 and 2.
So Ill have something like this.
Your task is to add a new method called had Virtex that adds a new node or a vertex.
The naming here kind of goes back and forth and then also add edge that is to add a connection between
node 1 and No 2.
And keep in mind that this is on directive if I guess bell it's an undirected graph.
So both No.1 and No.2 point to each other and if you scroll down here.
I've actually created the calls the function calls that we're going to do.
We've created the graph and then I'm creating zero all the way through 6 just like we have on the graph
here.
And then we're going to add the edges.
That is the connection between everything one is connected 0 0 connected to six is connected to five
simply just saying this I'm never repeating myself that means I'm never saying add three in one and
then saying add edge 1 and 3.
I only say this once and that's the key.
And also the order doesn't matter if I switch the order of these calls around it should still give me
this graph.
All right.
I know you're excited to get going but the final thing and this is only optional if you want to do this
yourself you can also Codie yourself.
But it's not really that important for this video.
I've created a small helper function called show connections and you can look through this function
if you want.
It's not really important to the core of the course but I've made this so you can check your work because
if I run this using a the end my graph show connections it's going to printout the answer like this
and it's going to show all the connections of the graphs that you've created.
And this way you can check that these connections that is node for is connected to 3 2 and 5 note 4
is connected to 3 2 and 5 just like we have here.
All right that's enough for me.
Good luck on this exercise and I'll see you in the solution video.
Malet.